city: Big Spring
country: United States
description: Shut down many years ago. Occurrences started happening before the prison was even completely finished. Some building materials were stolen from the site so a guard had to be posted there. During the first night our control center got a frantic call from our guard asking for back up because he knew some one was out there he could hear them but he couldn't find them. Upon response loud music could be heard in the mess hall, but as soon as they would open the door the music would stop. The entire facility was searched and no trace could be found of anyone. Guards were doubled up due to the fact that no one would go out there alone. Strange noises, lights, and whispering reoccurred every night. The prison was completed and staffed. A fire safety inspection, area shakedowns and an outer perimeter fence check is conducted every night. While doing these checks guards have reported seeing an old woman in the education wing that will walk the halls at night and give you a quick glance and disappear only she leaves behind a white powder everywhere she has been spotted. A mischievous entity that haunts the mess hall that will clank and rattle the pots and pans as well as move things to and fro. A shadowy figure that walks the living quarter wings. And a small child who loves to scare the life out of anyone who so happens to be in the perimeter truck at that time. It has appeared on several occasions in the back of the truck looking in at you through the back window, or in front of the truck as you drive around, and has even decided to wake up several guards who dozed off by tapping them on the arm. It has caused several wrecks from trying to swerve to miss him, rounds being chambered into their firearms, and on a couple of occasions guards to quit on the spot.
location: Flight Line Prison
state: Texas
state_abbrev: TX
longitude: -101.5272223
latitude: 32.2250866
city_longitude: -101.4787355
city_latitude: 32.2503979
audio_evidence: True
visual_evidence: True
evidence_date: 1771/02/26
date_source: wikipedia
date_confidence: high
average_daylight_hours: 13.016666666666667
day_duration: 11h 38m
time_of_day: Afternoon
apparition_type: Unknown
event_type: Unknown
witness_count: 1
