city: Boltonville
country: United States
description: There is a section of Jay road which goes thru a swamp. The area is always very dark and ominous. In the winter months this part is closed due to flooding and ice. The history is that apparently a woman was jogging down Jay road at some early part of the morning. A drunk driver, either didn't see her or was unable to stop in time to avoid hitting her. (If you travel this length of the road you will see there is no shoulder.)Her body was knocked into the swamp. Whether the incident was reported to the police is still under debate, however her body was never recovered. Persons who have traveled "Seven Bridges" have reported seeing a haze appear just outside their headlights, when your vehicle "catches up to" the entity it appears as a figure of a woman in a jogging outfit. She will jog down the road in front of your vehicle for about fifty feet, before she turns to face you, and you literally "hit" her. Some have had her vanish on their hoods while others say they have seen her head appear in their vehicles and look at the driver before disappearing. Reports also say if you go down this same length during the day vehicles(which are stopped) may not start up after being shut down. And that she is trying to stop people so that her body may be put to it's "proper rest". You could not mistake this pert of Jay road, on the brightest sunny summer day it's cold, dark and always extremely quiet. -  February 2004 correction: The stop sign on the corner of Seven Bridges and Jay Road appears to be bleeding. When you are far away the blood seems to be dripping, but then as you approach the stop sign it disappears. If you step out of your car and look at it, there is nothing there.
location: Jay road-"Seven Bridges Road"
state: Wisconsin
state_abbrev: WI
city_longitude: -88.1006498
city_latitude: 43.5272197
audio_evidence: False
visual_evidence: True
evidence_date: 1973/03/07
date_source: wikipedia
date_confidence: high
average_daylight_hours: 13.116666666666667
day_duration: 11h 23m
time_of_day: Morning
apparition_type: Ghost Light
event_type: Unknown
witness_count: 1
