city: Independence
country: United States
description: Off Service Creek Road there is a very old church and cemetery located along the banks of the Ambridge Reservoir. Service Creek Church was built in the 1700's and the adjoining cemetery is just as old. There are remains of Revolutionary War soldiers, Civil War soldiers and more recent graves. It is still being used. The church and cemetery look like something out of a postcard, but beware. There is an eerie feeling here and total absolute silence. Sometimes, there is an indefinable smell in the air. Behind the church property is the road that runs along the reservoir. - BE ADVISED...it is ILLEGAL to go over the guardrails and down to the reservoir. YOU WILL BE ARRESTED!!! - There are strange faces in the mists and unexplainable violent thunderstorms that suddenly stop once you reach the end of the road. Strange sounds like whispers can be heard late at night. This is a popular lovers' lane area. Violent lightning strikes sometimes hit the banks even when the weather is clear. There are voices here and strange movements and lights, and it is ALWAYS foggy. Reports of strange animals have also been recorded. This was once Indian land. Back in the cemetery, there have been numerous dead animals seen and always a feeling of being watched. When you stand at one of the Civil War graves, you can actually get a sense of how this soldier died and "see" him lying in his coffin. The spirits attempt to communicate with the living. The main road into the cemetery is a pine-tree lined twisting scenic road that leads right into the church parking lot.At night, however, this road is misty and mysterious lights can be seen shimmering in the fog. - PLEASE BE RESPECTFUL...the church and cemetery are still in use.
location: John T. Anderson Cemetery
state: Pennsylvania
state_abbrev: PA
longitude: -80.378941
latitude: 40.6068969
city_longitude: -80.3435908
city_latitude: 40.5342098
audio_evidence: True
visual_evidence: True
evidence_date: 2008/02/26
date_source: wikipedia
date_confidence: high
average_daylight_hours: 13.2
day_duration: 11h 27m
time_of_day: Afternoon
apparition_type: Unknown
event_type: Death
witness_count: 1
