city: South Los Angeles
country: United States
description: There are reports of ghostly happenings in the stock rooms of this former Zody's. It is believed that a double murder/suicide took place somewhere in the upstairs stockroom. Apparently, a couple worked together for Zody's and the boyfriend caught his girlfriend in a compromising situation with another male employee. The enraged boyfriend located a box cutter and slashed the two to death. He then slashed his own wrists and carotid artery. After several reports from employees of unusual activity, Kmart headquarters in Michigan has admitted to hiring paranormal/paraphysical investigators to conduct investigations into the incident. The conclusion was that indeed the building was occupied by several spirits. The investigators concluded that four different spirits dwell throughout the building. The fourth has not been linked to any known incident that may have occurred and thus is unknown for its presence. Kmart has remained quiet on the findings of this investigation and resources revealed that employees of this store are not advised of this activity. Prior to changing over to Kmart, Zody's employees reported seeing a man walking about in the stockroom. A woman is also seen running and sometimes screams are heard. In one case, an overnight employee sustained a 7 inch laceration while working in the stockroom. Zody's management insisted that the incident was just an accident caused by falling boxes that were stacked too high, but resources close to the victim tell another tale. A paring knife mysteriously came across the room and cut the employee across the chest. No one was seen in the area. The victim survived his wounds, but obviously resigned from the company. Sightings and sounds have been reported throughout the years, but no one else has been physically attacked since.
location: Kmart #7625
state: California
state_abbrev: CA
longitude: -95.9918797
latitude: 41.2142955
city_longitude: -118.2914872
city_latitude: 33.9891116
audio_evidence: True
visual_evidence: True
evidence_date: 1960/02/26
date_source: wikipedia
date_confidence: high
average_daylight_hours: 13.266666666666667
day_duration: 11h 32m
time_of_day: Unknown
apparition_type: Ghost
event_type: Supernatural Phenomenon
witness_count: 1
