city: Mount Pleasant
country: United States
description: This building used to be one of the most used State Mental hospitals for the criminally insane. There they would house people that would range from serial killers to rapists, but no matter the crime they were there for good...And they deserved to be. This place was never fenced in, didn't have electrical locking doors, and even let their patients wander freely on the grounds. Consequently many escaped. Nowadays the place is shut down. Too many people escaped and horrible things happened towards it's end. Such things like an orderly living in the houses provided for them just a few hundred feet away from the hospital was subject to the torture of one of the patients. She was raped and killed. Several of the escaped patients would harm civilians or stalk them....And finally the city of Mt. Pleasant closed down this hell hole. Hardly any information can be found on it now. It's really a very closed and touchy subject...but if you travers on the grounds, you'll find many disturbing things. Blood stains on the floors of the hospital, the yard for the children (eerie in and of itself becaue they housed children next to criminals)and even in broad daylight you can see and FEEL the presence of these spirits. There's a chain on the wall of one of the buildings that's completly sealed off....this is where they would chain like dogs the patients they didn't want wandering off more than the others...The place itself is imposing to visit let alone when the ghosts come out at night. Their moaning and wailing can be heard and their forms can be seen....(There are police that regularly patrol the grounds warding off college kids and protecting the other buildings on the property still running, but the state mental wards are closed)
location: Mt. Pleasant Center
state: Michigan
state_abbrev: MI
longitude: -84.748628
latitude: 43.612163
city_longitude: -84.7675139
city_latitude: 43.59780749999999
audio_evidence: False
visual_evidence: True
evidence_date: 2008/02/26
date_source: wikipedia
date_confidence: high
average_daylight_hours: 13.5
day_duration: 11h 24m
time_of_day: Afternoon
apparition_type: Mist
event_type: Murder
witness_count: 1
