city: Ottawa
country: United States
description: Located in Spring Falls off of route 6. The story goes: There was an old biker bar on route 6 in the 1980's and a man and his wife were drunk but decided to go home. He also decided to take the short cut, a small road with deep ditches on each side, not many people took this road back then because of it's size. Anyways there was a curve in the road and the man was going really fast and slung shot him and his wife into the ditch, on impact the wife died and the man was paralyzed from the waist down and was bleeding everywhere, knowing no one could see him in the ditch he went up onto the road and wrote HELP in big letters across the road in his blood. He then went back down to his wife and died later around 3:00. Around 9:00 in the morning a farmer was going down the same road, because this was his normal route and he known the road well. Saw the help on the road and thought that it was some teenagers playing a trick, then seeing the man and woman next to the motorcycle wreck drove to town to the sheriff’s office and told him of what he saw. After the sheriff and his team took the motorcycle and bodies out of the ditch and to the town they had to wash off the HELP in blood with chemicals so no one would become freaked out. the next morning the farmer was going down the road again and saw the HELP as clear as day and was appalled that they didn't wash it off. he went to the sheriff and told him to clean it. Confused the sheriff sent the team out again to clean it, this time the farmer watched, the next morning the farmer again went down the road and saw the HELP spooked, and knowing that it had in fact been cleaned he told the sheriff and they thought that it must have been some kids. So the night-shift sheriff went on his routes throughout the town and also took help road to see if he could catch the kids playing the trick. He went down to the spot around 2:00 am and there weren't any words or people around. Around 3:05 he came back the there were the words HELP in blood. In the same exact writing as it had been the first day. Since then help road has been widen a little and paved over and every time the words HELP appear in the same spot in the same exact way. This is a true story. Have someone go down to Ottawa or Spring Valley and ask around for help road. You will find it and when you do take a picture, some say you can see 2 orbs floating around the site in early hours of the morning. - June 2008 Additional information - Help road is actually located on Rt 6 west of Spring Valley and its a road heading into Depue. The road number is 2775 E. But they say a guy was buried alive in that location. It could be possible there is another help rd between spring valley and Ottawa.
location: Route 6 (Help Rd.)
state: Illinois
state_abbrev: IL
longitude: -88.8422909
latitude: 41.356417
city_longitude: -88.8425769
city_latitude: 41.3455892
audio_evidence: False
visual_evidence: True
evidence_date: 2024/02/26
date_source: wikipedia
date_confidence: high
average_daylight_hours: 13.216666666666669
day_duration: 11h 26m
time_of_day: Morning
apparition_type: Unknown
event_type: Death
witness_count: 1
